{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red255\green255\blue11;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18340\viewh12540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Congratulations First_Name!\cb1 \
\
\cb2 With so many tough choices to make and all of the amazing submissions we\'92ve received for our limited\'a0AX\'a0LIVE\'a0MVP ticket giveaway, we have to say - you stood out and deserve to be recognized. We appreciate your loyalty and support of the ATHLEAN-X and \cf4 \strokec4 are honored to give you this MVP spot.\
\
With this ticket ($1200 value) you\'92ll be getting a chance to train directly with Jeff Cavaliere himself as well as this year\'92s hand picked coaches\
\
- Mike Boyle (former Boston Red Sox World Series champion strength and conditioning coordinater teaching amazing single leg training techniques)\
- Ben Patrick (better known as \'93Knees Over Toes\'94 guy who will be teaching his knee pain restoration and mobility techniques hands-on)\
- Glover Texiera (UFC light heavyweight champion teaching high output combat conditioning technniques and protocols\cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb2 \ul \ulc0 That said, I need your help to get your spot secured if you can please do the following as soon as possible:
\f0\b0 \cb1 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb2 1.
\f0\b0 \'a0
\f1\b Head to this link to book your room.
\f0\b0 \'a0Your\'a0AX\'a0room block discount code is already applied). With MVP sessions starting early on Thursday morning we recommend that you begin your stay on Wednesday June 18th. The event concludes on Sunday with check-out on the 22nd.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb5 Booking\'a0Link:
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.hilton.com/en/book/reservation/deeplink/?ctyhocn=BDRST&groupCode=91A&arrivaldate=2025-06-18&departuredate=2025-06-22&cid=OM,WW,HILTONLINK,EN,DirectLink&fromId=HILTONLINKDIRECT"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs40 \cf6 \cb2 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 ATHLEAN X}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb2 2\ul .\'a0As soon as your room is booked through the booking link above, please send a quick email to mediarelations@athleanx.comwith proof of booking. *** This is critical and will lock in your MVP spot.
\f0\b0 \cb1 \ulnone \
\

\f1\b \cb2 3.
\f0\b0 \'a0We will generate a free admission MVP e-ticket for you. You will not need to bring anything with you. When you register at the event, we will have your MVP e-ticket information.\cb1 \
\

\f1\b \cb2 **Please note, your room needs to be booked by Thursday June 5th because of the time sensitive nature of this giveaway.
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb2 Again, we thank you for taking the time to submit and for most of all sharing your journey with us. Jeff, his coaches and staff, are excited to see you!\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Regards\cb1 \
\cb2 Mansour\cb1 \
\
\cb2 TEAM ATHLEAN\cb1 \
\cb2 VP Customer Relations\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://athleanx.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb2 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 https://athleanx.com}}\cf6 \cb2 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb2 P.S. If you cannot attend for some reason despite having registered for and being selected as a contest winner, please respond in the field below and let us know.\
\
Text field here\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
}